Names and desriptions

Ai niin, pitikö näistä vihollisten kuvauksista paljastua heikkoudet ja esimerkiksi, mitä taikoja ne käyttävät???

Pyramid

Enemy types

Scorpions
The black Scorpions are small, but menacing. Their grasping pedipalps open and close, and the venomous stingers at the end of their tails are curved forward, pointing straight at you... (Their hit points are 6, and attack power just 1.)

Mummy Cat
Mummy Cat is licking its mummified, linen-wrapped paw, purring peacefully. Such a lovely cat! (Appearances can be deceiving, though: its hit points are 14 and attack power 2.)

Mummy 
The Mummy stands still in the corner. His hideous disfigured and odd-coloured corps is visible between the linen shreds wrapped around him. It is hard to understand that once he's been a human, too. But hey, looks aren't everything! (Hit points 21, attack power 5)

Sphinx
Sphinx has the body of a lioness and the head of a beautiful woman. She is carved out of a huge monolith. She does seem a little... stoned... (However, don't make her angry: her hit points are 31, and attack power 20.) (Tää on kyl aika tosi huono jo...:))

Anubis
Anubis, the Jackal-headed God of the Dead, the Protector of Tombs, the Embalmer, the Mother of Dragons, the Guide of Souls... His strength is his jackal-like fighting, and his weakness is that he's scared of fireworks. (Hit points 50, attack power 10)

Rooms

Ehdotus: ennen pelin alkua, voisiko siihen laittaa sen nettisivun tarinan tekstin vai onko hölmä idea?

It is a dark and dank night. The sky is pitch-black. A gathering sandstorm spreads across the desert, the wind howling and throwing sand on my sweaty face as I climb up the Pyramid. I cannot see further than an inch. I push on, slowly advancing. The thought of the mythical treasure hidden inside gives me the strength to reach the top. I am, after all, the greatest treasure hunter known to man. I take a crow bar out of my bag and start to pry apart the stones blocking the entrance to the Pyramid. I succeed, breaking my crow bar in the process. At last, I step down into the depths of the Pyramid…

Room1
This is the top most room in the Pyramid. (The exit above is blocked and cannot be opened again.) The room is dimly-lit and the walls are covered with hieroglyphs: animals, vases, people, odd shapes, eyes watching...  It's magnificent and creepy at the same time. There's a stairway leading down.

Room2
This room is a kind of an antechamber, an entrance way to the most sacred parts of the Pyramid. Lots of hieroglyphs on the limestone walls again... There's a stairway leading up.

Room3
In this room there's a mural painting of a weighing scale and of a guy who has the head of a black scruffy dog. What's that drawn on the scales... a feather and a human heart... Eww. The stone stairs lead downwards.

Room4
This is the grand gallery. What a big room! The stone stairs lead upwards.

Room5
This must be the Queen's burial chamber. There's a huge, empty sarcophagus made of stone on the floor. And no, you can't lie in it!

Room6
Oh vow! Really nice decor here, probably the King's chamber. There's a spiral stairway going downwards.

Room7
Here is the biggest subterranean chamber. Still so many hieroglyphs everywhere... There's a spiral stairway going upwards.

Room8
This room would make a great wine cellar, maybe it's been one in the olden day. But sadly no wine here.

Room9
Yet another burial chamber, not as fancy as the others. Maybe it was for the pharaoh's distant cousin. There's a big ornamental door, where might that lead?

Room10
In this room there are just hieroglyphs, way too many hieroglyphs. Enough with the hieroglyphs already! There's a stairway going further and further down...

Room11
Oh dear! This is obviously the middle room in a ruined Mayan Temple! The walls are covered with sculpted tablets depicting totemic animals. Maybe the treasure is in this room... Nope.

Room12
This hall is an ancient indoor Mesoamerican ballcourt. It was easy to get a ball back then, just use a spare head!

Room13
I'm in an altar room now. The built-in altar is full of pictures of different spirit or sacrificial animals. 

Room14
This must be the kitchen. I'm not hungry though. There's an old wooden door. 

Room15
A room for food storage, I assume. Lots of pictures of corn painted on the walls.

Room16
Oh, a balcony! A great view over the Guatemalan rainforests! 

Room17
Lintels portraying Mayan Gods and animals are fastened on the walls of this room. I'll call this "the lintel room".

Room18
A room full of pictures of animals on the walls. Again. I'm starting to see a pattern here. Again. There's also a hidden trap door. You cannot see it.

Room19
The powder room! I've been looking for this as long as for the treasure!

Room20
This is the hidden room.

Room21
This is the obsidian room as there are "images of prismatic blades with bloody hearts on the blade’s ends" all over the walls. There are also stairs going down.

Room 22
Hold up! The walls are decorated down from the floor up to the roof with bones, human bones. This is the lobby of the Catacombs.

Room23
They seem to be going for the same boney look in this dining room. I do like that collar bone, is it Scandinavian? Could I get that at Ikea?

Room24
This is the skull room. The room's walls are covered with skulls. There's a bit of brain still left in that one.

Room25
The rib room! I'm so hungry!

Room26
There are lots of different bones in this room. Let's see: head, shoulders, knees, toes, knees, toes...

Room27


This room's id number is 26. 26, for crying out loud! And there has been no sign of the effing treasure in this whole game! Just those golden items... wonder if they're worth anything?

